
demux;
(send top level directory?)
(create meta file within the sending process?)
  anyway, send files
    -> read matrix  using global win.tab
          and global cell.tab? slightly cumbersome but very useful
       find top 20k windows, stick in simple sample.winlist
    -> send (winlist, matrix) to merge program.
       merge program can add matrices, create tab file and submatrix

? is within-sample parallelised demuxing actually a good idea? measure ...

! option to feed Seurat the unfiltered matrix.
  -> keep option to feed filtered matrix; pre-reducing the data.

! investigate integrating mermul code (_mm) with plain cr code (_cr) so that
  mermul becomes an option rather than a separate process.

! show sample origin on UMAP plot.

! mermul on multiple experiments; run a mode where it publishes in the CR directory,
  and NF takes it from there?

! mermul output paired regions rather than read regions (extract-features/merge-multiplets)

c transpose of c_c batches is slighly subtle code. check / view()
c self-constructed singlecell.csv given to seurat for multisample.
c test plain cr and mm modes (look at clustering pdf)
- better names in publishing, e.g. 'seurat' to tag clustering. For now, change outdir.
d produce mmtx format in mcxdump internally
c everything on the + strand (see plusstrand below)

- use datamash again.


- bedpe format Ni (three columns) versus more columns; instrumenting macs2 currently with -f AUTO.
  depth available-from-data / presented-to-macs2 / used-by-macs2 ?

- Perhaps get rid of the bucket structure; it is no longer needed given that we demultiplex
  in the pipeline rather than outside, and given that we divide the cells into batches.
  However, it works and might become useful if the number of cells grow very large; we
  keep it for now.

- plusstrand
  clusters_makebam_P4
  We make bed file for macs2 where all features are on the positive strand.
  Any issue with this?
  Test whether macs2 picks up depth. Maybe ask even.

- potentially streaming etc format is a wee bit faster. Very low priority.

- explicit outputs in matrixmarket creation (generally hardcoded names).
  Most of this is fixed now, except for the final bc/peak matrices.

- -c argument to cellatac script; check/select only the files that are there,
  i.e.  cope with drop-outs. currently expects all cells/barcodes to succeed.
  need to comapre with cov.inputs. do we just generate empt rows/columns in that
  case, or will something actually crash? Engineer test.  check more generally in
  the pipeline that it is permissive this way.

- layer docker file?
    need mcl and datamash on top of R image.

